Fix English mistakes in Schema Design (#17010)
apache/druid: docs/ingestion/schema-design.md

approximate distinct counts, and you'll reduce your storage footprint.

Sketches reduce memory footprint at query time because they limit the amount of data that needs to be shuffled between

> servers. For example, in a quantile computation, instead of needing to send all data points to a central location

Reviewer: the original text was correct

You can have Druid infer the schema and types for your data partially or fully by setting `dimensionsSpec.useSchemaDiscovery` to `true` and defining some or no dimensions in the dimensions list. 

> When performing type-aware schema discovery, Druid can discover all the columns of your input data (that aren't in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When performing type-aware schema discovery, Druid can discover all the columns of your input data (that are not present in
```

Author: done
